So next, we're going to be discussing the AWS AI services.
Now these services are a suite of services that enable developers to quickly
integrate deep learning into their custom applications.
However,
they're doing so by leveraging pre‑trained models that
are targeted at specific use cases.
And if you haven't used these before,
I would encourage you to interact with each of them.
And they generally have a rich experience in the console that
makes it easy for you to test them out.
Now we're going to be discussing three different categories of these services.
First, we'll be focusing on the services that provide language analysis.
Then, we'll be looking at the services that support general dataset analysis.
And finally, we'll be looking at the service that supports computer vision.
So here, let's start off by looking at language analysis.
We're going to be examining Amazon Comprehend,
Amazon Lex, Amazon Polly, Amazon Textract,
Amazon Translate, and Amazon Transcribe.
So first, here we have Amazon Comprehend.
Now this service is a natural language processing service that pulls
insights out of the text that you pass into it.
So this can be utilized for things like,
for example, doing sentiment analysis on unstructured text.
So let's say you want to pull all of the different ways that users
have interacted with your company over social media,
and you want to highlight those that have a negative sentiment.
That's something you could do utilizing the service.
It also gives you the ability to categorize documents by topics.
You also can use a subservice called Amazon Comprehend Medical,
specifically for medical use cases that has been pre‑trained to focus on
things like diagnoses and potential dosages of prescriptions.
Next, we have Amazon Lex.
And Amazon Lex is all about conversational experiences with both voice and text.
So the key thing that Amazon Lex does is that it extracts intent
from either the text you pass in or voice audio.
So this could be useful if you were wanting to do things like
deploying a chatbot for customer service.
So if you had a messaging experience within your app or maybe just over text
messaging and you wanted users to be able to ask a question,
and then you could discern what the intent is from that question.
But this doesn't have to just be text.
This also can be audio,
so you could integrate this with your call center solution.
So users could ask a specific question, you could discern the intent,
and then act upon that.
Now there's another service though that would be needed to
make that call center solution work, and that other service is Amazon Polly.
And what Amazon Polly does is that it creates lifelike audio of
speech from input text that you pass into it.
And it supports multiple languages and multiple voices
in most of the supported languages.
So these use cases include, for example,
providing automated audio on a call for dynamic information,
and this is really the flipside of what we talked about with Amazon Lex.
You can go get data, maybe from a database,
and then read bits of that back to the user.
But you also could use this to enable accessibility of your content.
So maybe you have some type of digital content,
and you want to be able to read that to users that have differing abilities,
and maybe they can't read that directly on the screen.
That's something you could do with Polly.
This also gives you the ability to include lifelike audio
within embedded devices if you wanted to create a voice
experience with your embedded device.
Now next, we have Amazon Textract,
and this extracts insights and data from scanned documents.
So if you're in a vertical that heavily relies on printed
documents that need to be scanned in, this can be a very valuable service.
And you could use this for things like automating the
importing of documents into an application or developing a
classification workflow for documents.
Now in addition to Textract, we also have Amazon Translate.
And this utilizes a neural machine translation engine
or NMT to translate input text.
Now currently, this supports 55 different languages,
and so use cases for this could include automating the
localization process for a digital experience.
Let's say that your organization just launched a new microsite in English,
but you want to have a quick way to be able to translate all of the different
strings used within that microsite over to another language.
You could automate that process with Amazon Translate.
In addition,
you might want to enable cross‑language search of your digital content.
That's something else you could do with this
service. Now in addition to Translate, we also have Amazon Transcribe.
And what this does is that it enables speech‑to‑text from an audio file.
So where we get text to speech with Polly, here with Transcribe,
we get speech to text.
Now this supports both batch and real‑time processing of audio.
So for example,
if you want to go through and actually transcribe
something that was previously recorded,
you could utilize that batch approach. And you might
want to transcribe a live event,
in which case you could utilize the real‑time approach.
So use cases for this could be automating the generation of captions for
your video content. And just like with Comprehend,
this includes a subservice that supports medical use cases,
and that's Amazon Transcribe Medical.
Now next,
let's talk about some general dataset analysis that we can
do with some custom AI services on AWS.
The first is going to be Amazon Forecast.
Then, we have Amazon Fraud Detector. And finally, we have Amazon Personalize.
So let's start with Amazon Forecast.
This provides forecasting on historical time‑series data. So use cases
for this could include maybe you want to predict your supply chain needs
based on projected manufacturing demand.
So if you have information on supply chain orders and then have historical data
on your demand, you could go ahead and project in the future how much you would
need to order of all of your different components.
Now we also could use this to predict our sales data
based on multiple historical data sets.
So Amazon Forecast allows us to work both with the
data set that we want to forecast,
but also what it calls metadata sets that correlate, and it can use that
correlation to help improve the overall prediction.
Next, we have Amazon Fraud Detector,
and this utilizes a customizable machine learning
model to detect fraudulent activities.
Now the use cases for this could be some things you might expect,
like identifying fraudulent payment transactions.
But it also can be used for things like identifying
a fraudulent account creation.
Or it can even be used if you're identifying fraudulent
actions that are taken on a legitimate account,
such as when a user gets their password stolen.
Now next, we have Amazon Personalize,
and this creates a personalization engine for users based on user
behavior data. And this actually is a lot of the same logic that
powers the engine that is used on amazon.com. And use cases for
this could include potentially providing personalized content or
product recommendations.
So let's say you have a content site,
and you know that users have looked at these 17 different
articles. You could from that provide a personalized
recommendation for what they should look at next.
We also can use this for enabling personalized promotions.
So if you want to be able to process their behavior and then give them custom
promotions that maybe you're going to send out via email,
you could do that with this service.
Now next,
let's talk about computer vision, and computer vision really is
targeted at utilizing what we use our eyes for,
but doing it programmatically. And the service that
supports this on AWS is Amazon Recognition.
So Amazon Recognition provides automated analysis of image and video data.
And when we're talking here about video data,
we can do this both in batch or in real time.
And with this, we can do text extraction,
object recognition,
facial detection, and then even within that emotion detection
within faces. So some of the use cases here could be enabling
searching across a library of digital content.
Maybe you want to search over a bunch of images and be able to
find all the images that contain a guitar,
for example, or a dog or a cat.
Those are the kind of things you can do with Recognition. Now it also
could be used to implement a facial authentication system because what you
can do inside of Recognition is you can actually store faces and then see
if they're detected in future images.
You also could use this to automate the moderation of images as it has explicit content detection built into it.